55
What are the ticket terms and conditions?
Travelomind.com shall not be liable for failure of travel service suppliers, including but not limited to airlines, hotels, steamship lines, railroads, car rental agencies, tour operators and consolidators to perform the services offered by such suppliers. Travelomind.com, in providing travel management services, does not guarantee or insure the services to be provided by any supplier, the financial position of such suppliers or the reimbursement to you from any loss experienced is a result of the financial condition of such supplier. In the event that a supplier defaults prior to providing the service to you for which payment has been made, the sole recourse for refund shall be with the defaulting supplier, from insurance covering such defaults if any or from other responsible third party unless such was caused by Travelomind.com. In those situations, in which a supplier defaults prior to providing services you may pursue any recourse against the supplier for refund, which may be permitted by law or statute. Travelomind.com warrants that it provides the highest standards of service in the trade and will use appropriate care in selecting suppliers so as to protect you from such default. Except as expressly stated herein, Travelomind.com assumes no responsibility for actions relating to travel services beyond the control of Travelomind.com or its employees. Travelomind.com is not responsible or liable for any act, error, omission, injury, loss, accident, damage, delay, nonperformance, irregularity, or any consequence thereof, which may be occasioned through neglect, or default or any other act or inaction of any supplier of Travel products. Travelomind.com shall not be liable for any fluctuation in price or change in schedule or equipment or accommodations for any travel service, which occurs subsequent to payment for such service. Travelomind.com acts as a service bureau that provides value added service to retail travel agents. Travelomind.com has no control over and assumes no liability for the actions of the suppliers from whom it obtains Travel products. For your convenience Travelomind.com has included its service bureau fee in the fare quoted to you. Our service bureau fee may vary depending on a number of factors, including the market conditions, the amount of savings we pass on to you, the time and effort we spend on locating the tickets you request at the best prices, upgrades applied if any, your form of payment, etc. Travelomind.com believes in 100% customer satisfaction and if you are dissatisfied for any reason, you may collect a full refund of our bureau fee within 2 hours after Travelomind.com receives payment. Once tickets have been issued there may be a penalty involved for refunds. We do not have control over printed prices on the tickets, although most tickets may have BT (Bulk fare) printed on them, some may have a specific value on them, which may be different (lower or higher) than the fare collected. We urge you to inform your client of this. Discounts offered may vary depending on a number of factors including Airlines utilized, class of service, destination, time of year (Low, mid or High Season), advance notice provided, minimum stay requirements fulfilled and flight load.